[Music]
zooming just gonna say it I gotta let
you go
[Music]
you were just fired Oz let go for
liability reasons involved in insurance
the one-armed Boston doc I'm on your
solo speck Charlotte Motor Speedway I
know how they moved the money
oh my god knows aunt thing about blowing
up real thankful to Jo bang em in car
sir ray and you know we gotta play in
the kitchen now coca-cola 600 is the
biggest race of the year we need a
computer with I know that thing there's
no about computers okay
all the Twitter's I know welcome to the
coca-cola 600 how many boards away the
ball twenty yards
I want three thirty is it twenty or is
it thirty we are dealing with science
here yes they're gonna know what we want
them to know my life of crime is over
[Music]
whatnot is massively stupid if the
handle all this in because that looks
like it hurt
I want everything unto you
I'm about gets naked for nothing
I said no bacon
[Applause]
humans must be a simple man as people
Sonny and we will say that would you
give it my arm please
it is this one